Amazon Prime Cancellation & Refund 
You can cancel amazon prime membership at any time and if you meet the certain conditions or criteria you are also eligible to get back your full amazon prime membership fee i.e. refund of amazon prime membership. Just Like all other subscriptions services offered by amazon prime customer service, you can cancel amazon prime membership any time you want.
If you cancel the amazon prime membership during you 30 days free trial, your credit card won’t be charged. 
Let’s start the guide on how to cancel amazon prime membership and get refund of amazon prime membership services:
How to cancel amazon prime Membership:
1)	Log on your amazon prime customer service phone number account. When you log in to amazon prime account, you will find an option of amazon account setting on the top right corner of amazon website. 
2)	When you click on account & setting option, you will see a drop down menu. Find the option which says “Your prime membership”. Click on that option.
3)	Once you click on your amazon prime membership option, at the bottom of the left sidebar, you will see a link saying “End amazon prime membership and benefits”.
4)	After this click on the button whioch shows “continue to cancel” followed by “End Now” Button. A message will appear on your amazon prime account which confirms that your amazon prime membership has been cancelled.
How to Get Refund on Amazon Prime Membership:
Every user faces this problem, that if they cancel amazon prime membership services, how to get refund of amazon prime membership. If you want to know how to get a refund if you cancel amazon prime servcies, read the steps given below carefully.  
If you have taken taken monthly subscription of amazon prime membership and cancel amazon prime subscription on the very first day of the new billing period, the amzon prime membership will be terminated at end of the specified period, and you would not be eligible to get any refund of amzon prime membership services.
The same can happen with the annual subsciptions model of amazon prime membership. Any user will not be bale to claim for refund of amazon prime membership if he/ she cancel amazon prime membership services at the beginning of the 12- month period.
Amazon prime customer servcies phone number have provided several terms and conditions which must be followed accurately to get a refund on amazon prime memership cancellation.
If you are having any issue or queries related to amazon prime cancellation and Refund, you can contact Amazon prime customer services Helpine Number for any assistance. Amazon prime customer services are available 24*7 to assist you in any sort of problems that you face while using amazon prime servcies or products.
You can get full refund of amzon prime membership services  cancellation only if you have not taken any advantage of amazon prime services benefits since your latest prime membership charges or if you & your account did not make any eligible purchases .
You are also eligible to get a refund on amazon prime membership services cancellation if you had used prime benfits also. But the condition is that you should cancel your amazon prime membership within 3 days since the beginning of a paid period. Amazon prime customer service phone number team is liable to refund you the amazon prime membership charges. The refund of prime services will be a difference between the fee and the value of used benefits.
https://amazonprimenumber.com
